{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh11100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Creating a Sass 
\b0 stylesheet is easy. All we need to do is take our existing stylesheet and save it as Sass.\
\
Copy styles.css from the CSS folder to a new folder called sass. \
\
Rename the old styles.css to originalstyles.css\
\
Rename the sass/styles.css to styles.scss\
\
This will trigger Koala to ID this as a sass folder, which it\'92s done. \
\
Click on the file name to bring up options.\
\
Autocompile \'96 it will compile the scss file every time it\'92s saved. It writes the output CSS to the location specified. (show how to change if desired)\
\
Output style \'96 this will determine the degree of compression, from essentially none with comments intact, to fully compressed. Let\'92s set this to the expanded styles for now, so we can read our outputted CSS easily. Later, when you are ready to launch the site, you\'92ll want to switch to \'93compressed\'94 for the output, which will fully minify the CSS output file.\
\

\b Comments
\b0 \
\
Remember
\b  
\b0 that comments in Sass may not necessarily be reproduced in your CSS output file. Depending on what compiling method you use, the comments may or may not show up.\
\
There are 2 kinds of comments \'96 standard /* */\
A // line comment\
\
Notice that the // comment is always removed. This is always true since // is not standard CSS commenting.\
\
The other style of comment may or may not be removed. Since we\'92re using expanded compiling for now, the comment is kept. If we switch Koala to compressed, the comment will go away.}