{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 One of the features built into Sass is a bunch of functions that you can apply in your code. A function is a little program. You give it some values, and it performs a pre-defined manipulation of those values. Often the manipulation is some kind of math problem, but it doesn\'92t have to be \'96 it could be sorting something, or changing some text, or pretty much anything else.\
\
There\'92s a long list of functions available to you in Sass, and they\'92re all documented on the Sass website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt http://www.sass-lang.com/documentation/Sass/Script/Functions.html}}\
\
We\'92ll focus on the number functions here.\
\
h1 \{\
	font-size: 1.8em;\
\}\
\
Let\'92s say we want to change this to pixels. To do that, multiply 1.8em font size by the 16px base, and this will give you the font size in pixels. I\'92ll write that like this:\
h1 \{\
	font-size: (1.8 * 16px);\
\}\
which compiles to\
h1 \{\
  font-size: 28.8px;\
\}\
\
as you may know, pixels are discrete units, and they can\'92t be measured in decimals. The browser will still render this number as best it can, but maybe you want to have this look like an integer rather than a decimal number. Sass has a few functions for this.\
\
The round function will round the value to the nearest whole number.\
h1 \{\
	font-size: round(1.8 * 16px); //29 px\
\}\
ceil will round up to the next whole number, while floor rounds down to the previous whole number, regardless of the number in question.\
$mymargin: 1.999em;\
\
h1 \{\
\pard\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri6115
\cf0 	font-size: round(1.8 * 16px);\
	padding: ceil(1.2em);\
	margin: floor($mymargin);\
\pard\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \}\
compiles to\
\
h1 \{\
  font-size: 29px;\
  padding: 2em;\
  margin: 1em;\
\}\
\
You can have math inside of the parenthesis, a variable, or a value. \
\
There are a few other functions documented on the Sass website for you to explore, but I wanted to mention one of my favorites, which is the random number function. \
\
$mymargin: 1.999em;\
\
h1 \{\
\pard\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720\qj
\cf0 	font-size: round(1.8 * 16px);\
	padding: ceil(1.2em);\
	margin: floor($mymargin);\
	border-bottom: (random(10) + px) dotted #c80060;\
\pard\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \}\
}